Welcome to the lesson on planning a blockchain solution.
In this lesson, we'll discuss the architecture of a blockchain
and then use this to inform how our plan and design a blockchain solution.
I know too often we're tasked to build a project.
We get very eager to dive in and start building.
I know I've definitely been guilty of that.
If we were to just take a step back and just a little bit of extra time up front to plan,
it would help us recognize and plan around avoidable pit falls down
the road and save months of rework and a little bit of everyone's entity down the road.
Now, let's consider an electronic medical record system
that allows medical providers to securely and
efficiently access patient health information about
thousands of patients across the entire Southern California region.
The system needs to help medical providers securely and
accurately access information about their patients health across time,
be able to submit information to other parties such as labs or
pharmacies as well as accurately trigger billing information.
This electronic medical record system is looking to integrate blockchain solutions.
Because a blockchain solution involves several layers such as a blockchain,
smart contract and web services that need to plan becomes even more important.
Not only are there additional layers to consider but
these new layers need to integrate well with an existing legacy system.
We also noticed that the data will need to securely
pass through several actors from the medical provider,
to the patient, to the labs pharmacies and even to the billing department.
So, each transaction will include multiple users with different permissions.
This is even more to consider.
In this term we'll be building towards
architecting a blockchain solution for supply chain.
With all that in mind we'll be overviewing a blockchain architecture.
Then planning how to architect a blockchain solution.
Next, we'll cover an overview of the tools which includes UML,
which is used for modeling behavior,
instructional interactions in the smart contract as well as
the data model diagram which is used to model contract relationships.
We'll also talk about decisions when layering services.
By the end of this lesson you'll be familiar with blocking architecture.
Using this knowledge you'll be able to plan
blockchain services and model this using UML in data model diagrams.
Along the way you get a chance to have hands on practice
brainstorming your own supply chain idea and modeling its functionality.
With all that, let's get started.